New executor for Fujitsu Technical Computing Suite (TCS) (#5928)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/executor.md

:::{versionadded} 23.07.0-edge
Some SLURM clusters require memory allocations to be specified with `--mem-per-cpu` instead of `--mem`. You can specify `executor.perCpuMemAllocation = true` in the Nextflow configuration to enable this behavior. Nextflow will automatically compute the memory per CPU for each task (by default 1 CPU is used).
:::

## TCS

The `tcs` executor allows you to run your pipeline script using a [Fujitsu Technical Computing Suite (TCS)](https://software.fujitsu.com/jp/manual/manualindex/p21000155e.html).

Nextflow manages each process as a separate job that is submitted to the cluster using the `pjsub` command.

The pipeline must be launched from a node where the `pjsub` command is available, which is typically the login node.

To enable the TCS executor, set `process.executor = 'tcs'` in the `nextflow.config` file.

Resource requests and other job characteristics can be controlled via the following process directives:

- {ref}`process-clusterOptions`
- {ref}`process-time`

:::{note}

> Other options such as queue (resource group), cpu, and node should be indicated by clusterOptions.
> This is because they depend on target systems (required options are not the same) and can be controlled by "-L" options in arguments of pjsub command.
> 
> This is an example of nextflow.config on Supercomputer Genkai (Kyushu University).
> ```
> process {
>   executor = 'tcs'
>   time = '00:30:00'
>   clusterOptions = '-L rscgrp=a-batch -L vnode-core=4'
> }
> ```
> 
> This is an example of nextflow.config on Supercomputer Flow (Nagoya University).
> ```
> process {
>   executor = 'tcs'
>   time = '00:30:00'
>   clusterOptions = '-L rscunit=cx -L rscgrp=cx-share -L gpu=1'
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Use `clusterOptions` to specify system-dependent options such as queue (resource group), CPU, and node. These options vary across target systems and are not standardized. They correspond to `-L` options in the arguments of the `pjsub` command and should be configured according to the requirements of the specific cluster environment.

For example:

```
process {
  executor = 'tcs'
  time = '00:30:00'
  clusterOptions = '-L rscgrp=a-batch -L vnode-core=4'
}
```
````

> 
> (tcs-executor)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::

```
